Corebluetooth notify read fix (#1742)
hbldh/bleak: docs/backends/macos.rst

As stated above, this will however only work the macOS machine that performed
the scan and thus cached the device as ``243E23AE-4A99-406C-B317-18F1BD7B4CBE``.

Pairing
^^^^^^^
There is no pairing functionality implemented in macOS right now, since it does not seem

> to be any explicit pairing methods in CoreBluetooth.

Reviewer: Note to self, this section could use updating.

Notifications
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
CoreBluetooth does not differentiate between data from a notification and data from a read.
This can cause confusion in cases where a device may send a notification message on a characteristic
as a signal that the characteristic needs to be read again.

Bleak has can accept a ``notification_discriminator`` callback in the ``cb`` dict parameter that is

> passed to the start_notify function that can differentiate between these types of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
passed to the :method:`BleakClient.start_notify` method that can differentiate between these types of data.
```

the scan and thus cached the device as ``243E23AE-4A99-406C-B317-18F1BD7B4CBE``.

There is also no pairing functionality implemented in macOS right now, since it does not seem
to be any explicit pairing methods in the Core Bluetooth.

> 

Reviewer: Would be nice to add a section heading here. (probably have add another one above for the existing section too for it to make sense)

Author: Sections added!

CoreBluetooth does not differentiate between data from a notification, and data from a read.
This can cause confusion in cases where a device may send a notification message on a characteristic

> that is an indication that the characteristic needs to be read again.

Reviewer: "indication" probably isn't the best choice of words here since it is the technical name of a BLE notification that requires a response. :wink:

Author: Great point!  That would be a bit confusing.  Reworded.

Bleak has can accept a ``notification_discriminator`` callback in the ``cb`` dict parameter that is
passed to the start_notify function that can differentiate between these types of data.

.. code-block:: python

    async def reread(char):
        data = await client.read_gatt_char(char)

    async def notification_handler(char, data):

>         asyncio.create_task(reread(char))

Reviewer: This is buggy code. The returned task could be garbage-collected before completing. Also, it lacks any synchronization to prevent two reads at the same time. So best to not put that in an example that people might copy.

Instead, I would use an `asyncio.Event` and `set()` it here. Then in the main code after the `start_notify()`, have the following:

```python
while True:
    await event.wait()
    # we received a notification - prepare to receive another
    event.clear()
    # then read the characteristic to get the full value
    data = await client.read_gatt_char(char)
    # do stuff with data
```

    def notification_check_handler(data):

>         return len(data) == 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # We can identify notifications on this characteristic because they
        # only contain 1 byte of data. Read responses will have more than
        # 1 byte.
        return len(data) == 1
```

Author: Comments added, documentation examples cleaned up to not be buggy.
